# IIJS-Premiere-2022-A-Record-1733-companies-Allotted-2970-Stalls-In-A-Day
The stall allotment for a record 1733 exhibitor companies commenced on 3rd July 2022 at Grand Hyatt, Mumbai. It seemed a formidable task to cater to so many exhibitors, but the Council’s team with its thorough and meticulous preparation and several behind-the-door mock-up drills were prepared to welcome the participants.   Shailesh Sangani, Convener, National Exhibitions, GJEPC said, “The process was streamlined to perfection and the exhibitors were given staggered timings to avoid overcrowding. Thanks to all the participants who were patient enough to wait their turn for stall allocations. Earlier, this whole process would take 5 days to complete but this time by creating different teams for different sections, we have been able to complete this process successfully in a single day.”  The allocation process began at sharp 8.30 am in the morning and exhibitors were directed to different rooms as per their product differentiation. Council’s teams interacted with each exhibitor and once the process was complete a digitalized board of that particular hall would light up the assigned stall. This made the process totally transparent and exhibitors in waiting could view the stalls that were being booked live.  While the live online stall bookings were simultaneously being held across all the five other regional offices of GJEPC including Jaipur, Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Surat, many exhibitors from Coimbatore, Delhi,  Surat, Hyderabad, Rajkot, Bengaluru among others flew down to Mumbai to get their allotments in person.    In 12 hours flat, 1733 companies were assigned their respective booths – a task that otherwise used to take a few days.    Digitalising the entire pre-selection process also helped immensely as exhibitors were given prior intimation about the floorplan at the show. Many exhibitors were pleased by the arrangements and the swiftness with which the allocations were being done.   IIJS Premiere 2022 will have a completely new structure and stall designs for jewellery and machinery exhibitors. A separate hall at the venue was dedicated to showcase the exact stall models, complete with 360-degree rotatable display lights, backlit fascia, special colour schemes and graphics on stall signages earmarked to differentiate various product categories. This gave exhibitors an instant idea of how the booths assigned to them would look like at the show.  The Council wholeheartedly thanks IIJS Premiere 2022 exhibitors for their cooperation.   GJEPC looks forward to welcoming all Exhibitors and Visitors to IIJS Premiere 2002, the show that has returned to its home ground after two years! To know more: https://gjepc.org/solitaire/iijs-premiere-2022-a-record-1733-companies-allotted-2869-stalls-in-a-day/
